Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which School Edge collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users ("User") of the School Edge mobile application ("App").

Information We Collect

We may collect personal identification information from Users in various ways, including but not limited to when Users visit our App, register on the App, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our App. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, and other personal information. Users may, however, visit our App anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain App-related activities.

How We Use Collected Information

School Edge may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:

To personalize User experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our App.
To improve our App: We continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How We Protect Your Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our App.

Sharing Your Personal Information**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
